Add --create-application-cr flag to create Application CR and --links flag to set Application links. (#614)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-builders: gke-deploy/README.md

Follow [these instructions](doc/automated-deployments.md) to set up continuous
deployment.

## Application CR

> gke-deploy supports deploying your application with an Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also deploy your application using an Application
```

> [Custom Resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Custom Resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/):
```

> This requires your GKE cluster to have the Application CRD installed. Follow the

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Follow the
```

instructions
[here](https://cloud-dot-devsite.googleplex.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/add-on/application-delivery)
to create or update a GKE cluster to support the Application

> Delivery, which supports the Application CRD, or install the CRD manually by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delivery, which supports the Application CRD.

  You can also install the CRD manually by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/application#installing-the-crd).
```

> following the instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/application#installing-the-crd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Use the `--create-application-cr` flag with `gke-deploy prepare` or `gke-deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the `--create-application-cr` flag with `gke-deploy prepare` or `gke-deploy
```
